feat: guidance around collector load-balancing and rate limiting (#6892)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/collector/scaling.md

keep some relevant state in memory for their business. Those components require
some careful consideration before being scaled up.

> ### Scaling Stateless Collectors and Using Load Balancers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Scaling stateless collectors and using load balancers
```

The good news is that most of the time, scaling the Collector is easy, as it’s
just a matter of adding new replicas and distributing traffic among them using a
load balancer.

> When to Use a Load Balancer: A load balancer is essential when you need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A load balancer is essential when you need to:
```

- Distribute incoming telemetry traffic across multiple instances of stateless

>   Collectors to prevent any single instance from being overwhelmed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  collectors to prevent any single instance from being overwhelmed.
```

- Improve the availability and fault tolerance of your collection pipeline. If
  one Collector instance fails, the load balancer can redirect traffic to
  healthy instances.
- Horizontally scale your Collector tier based on demand.

> Recommendations for Load Balancing: When operating in Kubernetes environments,
> it's generally recommended to leverage robust, off-the-shelf load balancing and
> rate-limiting solutions provided by service meshes (e.g., Istio, Linkerd) or
> cloud provider load balancers. These systems offer mature features for traffic
> management, resilience, and observability that often go beyond basic load
> distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When operating in Kubernetes environments, leverage robust, off-the-shelf
load balancing and rate-limiting solutions provided by service meshes, such as
Istio or Linkerd, or cloud provider load balancers. These systems offer mature
features for traffic management, resilience, and observability that often go 
beyond basic load distribution.
```
